How much has it gone up?
So many 3,000 sets
Now 40,000
That's 13 times more.
So much up
It's not profitable, right?
Hey
Uncle Ye, please don't forget it.
I have done the math for you, Mr. Ye.
Bought a total of 1.05 million
A total of 350 sets
Now it sells for 14 million.
Remove principal
Pure profit of 12.95 million
2.95 million if I hadn't seen someone say it with my own eyes?
I also find it incredible
Hey, Mr. Ye?
Next time, I will definitely follow you to buy more. It's okay.
500,000 a lot
What to say next time?
My day by day
Mr. Ye
Now someone has given 40,000
If you don't sell it, you'll have to draw the number.
Shall we sell it now? blah blah blah blah
You say I'll stroke it?
Ye Fan, look
What the hell is this' 92 stock subscription certificate?
Now it has actually increased by a full 1,000 times
You said if we had bought it
Is it at least a 10,000 yuan product now?
Hahaha
Ten times is a lot.
But it's still a long way from thousands of times
Why did 3 times go up so much?
Oh, I see.
There will be more and more stocks in the future
And that's all there is to it.
Prices are going up.
Don't sell
Chief, don't sell this thing
The price behind
Will only be higher
How much higher?
A thousand times.